# Terms of Use

## Article 1 (Scope of Application)

These Terms of Use apply to all expressions of intent, contracts, agreements,
and legal or quasi-legal acts established between NATSUME Hiroaki (hereinafter
referred to as "Licensor") and the Customer.

By installing or using the Software (hereinafter referred to as "Program"), the
Customer agrees to be bound by the terms of this License. If the Customer
violates any of these limitations or restrictions, the grant of the License
shall automatically and immediately terminate.

If the Customer has not lawfully obtained the Program, no license is granted
under the terms of this Agreement.

## Article 2 (Software License)

The Licensor grants the Customer a non-exclusive and non-transferable right to
use this product in accordance with the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

## Article 3 (Intellectual Property Rights)

The Licensor is protected by copyright laws in Japan and abroad, related
treaties concerning neighboring rights, and other laws concerning intellectual
property rights.

The Program is licensed from the Company to the Customer in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement, and the intellectual property rights of this product
are not transferred to the Customer.

## Article 4 (Terms of Use)

The Program shall be used under license management by the Licensor.

When the Licensor inquires about the license usage status to the Customer, the
Customer shall explain the license usage status in writing, orally, or by other
means.

## Article 5 (Operating Environment)

The operating environment for this product shall be the same as the operating
environment specified by Rhinoceros.

## Article 6 (Version Updates)

During the contract period, version updates including bug fixes, feature
additions, and feature changes will be provided from time to time. However, the
content of the version updates for this product shall be determined by the
Licensor.

Unless otherwise specified, this Agreement shall apply to programs that have
been version updated.

## Article 7 (License Types)

- Commercial License (Professional): For commercial use
- Other Licenses (Community, Trial, Education, etc.): Limited to personal and/or
  non-commercial use only

## Article 8 (Usage Fees)

As determined by the prices on the online web shop.

## Article 9 (Delivery)

After confirming payment of the usage fee specified in the preceding article,
the Licensor shall deliver the software by sending the license code to the email
address specified by the Customer.

## Article 10 (NoWarranty)

To the extent permitted by applicable law, there is no warranty for the Program.
Unless otherwise specified in writing, the Licensor provides the Program "as is"
without any warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited
to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose.

The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Program is with the
Customer. Should the Program prove defective, the Customer assumes the cost of
all necessary servicing, repair, or correction.

The use of the Program depends on third-party programs (e.g., McNeel Zoo License
server or Zoo Cloud or Grasshopper3D). If these programs do not function
properly, the Licensor shall not be responsible.

## Article 11 (Limitation of Liability)

The Licensor shall not be liable to the Customer for any damages, including
general, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising from the use or
inability to use the Program (including but not limited to loss of data or
inaccurate display of data or losses suffered by the Customer or third parties
or cases where the Program does not work with other programs), even if notified
of the possibility of such damages.

## Article 12 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction)

1. For disputes concerning this Agreement, the Tokyo District Court shall be the
   exclusive agreed jurisdiction court.
2. The formation and validity of this Agreement, as well as the interpretation
   and performance of issues arising in connection with this Agreement, shall be
   governed by the laws of Japan.

## Article 13 (Consultation)

Regarding matters not stipulated in this Agreement and questions concerning this
Agreement, the Customer and the Licenser shall consult in good faith and work
toward resolution.

## Article 14 (Language Priority)

In the event of any discrepancy between the Japanese version and the English
version of these Terms of Use, the Japanese version shall take precedence.
